In this video you're going to learn how to create a look alike audience.
And this is a marketer's best friend because it allows you to scale your marketing efforts in a really
targeted way.
So how this works is when you first need is a base audience or a custom audience that you've created
and then you want to really create a look alike audience.
People who are similar to that sort of audience.
So you can really reach a lot more people.
Let me give you an example to really explain this.
So I have created a page engagement custom audience people who have engaged with my Facebook page over
the last year.
You can see that this is ten thousand five hundred people.
Now that is not a lot of people.
So if I want to run a campaign to get people to like my page eventually I'm going to run out of people
in this audience.
So what I want to do is now try and reach people who are like those people who engage with my page and
that's what I can do really with a local audience.
I've gone ahead and done it already and you can see this the lookalike audience up here and you can
see it.
It's over two million people.
So I'm using this audience from my custom audiences as a source of information.
It's a group of people who have things in common.
And then I ask Facebook to go out and find people who are similar to those people who've engaged with
my page.
And you can see that now.
Can you use an audience of two million people in my campaigns.
So it's a way to really extend the reach of your campaigns.
But still doing it in a targeted way you're not just using maybe interest targeting or behaviors you're
using your own source audiences as the base and the data that you're feeding in to create these targeted
audience.
So streaming volleyball I hope that example really highlights going from 10000 to 2 million target away
is really a way to scale your marketing efforts really easily.
So let's go ahead and set one up.
What you want to do is come back into your ads manager come up to the left side once again and just
make sure you're in the audience the screen.
I'm already in it here.
So what I'm going to do is click on Create.
Audience we're creating a look alike audience now.
And now you want to choose your source audience.
So I will use this page engagement custom audience once again as an example.
And now you have to choose the location.
So what you are is telling Facebook here is I want you to find people who were like that people who've
engaged my page but only say in the countries that I'm operating in or where my best customers are.
So for example I can just put in the United States here.
This is where a lot of the people who end up buying my products are from.
So if I want to put an ad in from them that's a good place to start with.
Now what I can do is set the audience size so the minimum audience size that you can create is 1 percent
of the population that you've chosen.
So you can see here that's why it's saying look like us 1 percent.
Now if I wanted to create an even bigger audience I could bump this up you can see right now that the
estimated reach is two million people.
If I bump it up and trying get to 2 percent of the U.S. You can see goes up to four.
They could even bring it all the way up to 10 percent 21 million people who I can then be targeting
in this campaign.
Now if you move is up and up and up.
Obviously there are similarities between your base audience are going to become less and less so it's
probably best to start down on the minimum which is really 1 percent once you've got selected your location
and your audience size.
All you need to do is go ahead and click Create audience.
Now one thing that notice here is that you can actually create a duplicate look like I've already set
this up before.
So if I want to set up a new look alike I'll just pop in Canada here and you'll see I'll be able to
create this audience here.
Now what you will see is it's updating the audience.
Get this the full half an hour until this loads up and that is really how you create a look alike audience.
It's very very simple.
You want to use any of the custom audiences that you've created.
And remember that you can use any of these custom audiences that you can set these up your email subscribers.
People who have visited your web site people who've engaged with your app people engage with your Facebook
page.
So there are really tons and tons of lookalike audiences that you can create and you can really go back
if you want if you for example here I've created a custom audience of people who visited my web site.
If I think that I want to make that more targeted people who visit my website in the last 30 days then
I can go back create a custom audience create a new look alike audience based off that new custom audience
and that makes sense.
So there are tons of options here that can really allow you to scale your marketing efforts extremely
quickly.
Now that you understand how to create a lookalike audience go ahead and create one for yourself following
the steps that you've learned in this video.